Module edown_doclet
===================


Module edown_doclet
-------------------

* [Description](#description)
* [Function Index](#index)
* [Function Details](#functions)
EDoc Doclet module for producing Github-flavored Markdown.

Copyright © 2010 Erlang Solutions Ltd

__Authors:__ Ulf Wiger ([`ulf.wiger@erlang-solutions.com`](mailto:ulf.wiger@erlang-solutions.com)).

Description
-----------

EDoc Doclet module for producing Github-flavored Markdown.

Function Index
--------------

<table width="100%" border="1" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2" summary="function index"><tr><td valign="top"><a href="#run-2">run/2</a></td><td>Main doclet entry point.</td></tr></table>

Function Details
----------------

### run/2

<tt>run(Command::<a href="#type-doclet_gen">doclet_gen()</a> | <a href="#type-doclet_toc">doclet_toc()</a>, Ctxt::<a href="#type-edoc_context">edoc_context()</a>) -> ok</tt>

Main doclet entry point.

Also see [`edoc:layout/2`](edoc.html#layout-2) for layout-related options, and [`edoc:get_doc/2`](edoc.html#get_doc-2) for options related to reading source files.
 
  Options:

<dt>`{file_suffix, string()}`</dt>
<dd>Specifies the suffix used for output files. The default value is `".md"`.</dd>

<dt>`{hidden, bool()}`</dt>
<dd>If the value is `true`, documentation of hidden modules and functions will also be included. The default value is `false`.</dd>

<dt>`{overview, edoc:filename()}`</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the overview-file. By default, this doclet looks for a file <code>"overview.edoc"</code> in the target directory.</dd>

<dt>`{private, bool()}`</dt>
<dd>If the value is `true`, documentation of private modules and functions will also be included. The default value is `false`.</dd>

<dt>`{stylesheet, string()}`</dt>
<dd>Specifies the URI used for referencing the stylesheet. The default value is <code>"stylesheet.css"</code>. If an empty string is specified, no stylesheet reference will be generated.</dd>

<dt>`{stylesheet_file, edoc:filename()}`</dt>
<dd>Specifies the name of the stylesheet file. By default, this doclet uses the file <code>"stylesheet.css"</code> in the `priv` subdirectory of the EDoc installation directory. The named file will be copied to the target directory.</dd>

<dt>`{title, string()}`</dt>
<dd>Specifies the title of the overview-page.</dd>

_Generated by EDoc, Oct 25 2010, 17:08:25._